the coronavirus pandemic has definitely affected my work. Um, I really
miss interacting with my students. It's been very difficult to not
have that interaction with them, and it's made me realizing myself that
interaction with my students is a huge motivation. It's a huge motivator
for me on DSO when I don't have that, it's kind of like What's
the point? Why am I doing this? Not entirely that bad, but it just
I mean, I just really realized like That's so important to me. Thio
have those interactions with my students. Um, it's also required
me. Thio use different technologies that I have never used before. So
I've had to, like, learn new programs and new ways of doing things.
And that has been challenging. Um, but also it's kind of cool, because
now I feel like I could do a lot more than I could when this whole
thing started. So I feel much more accomplished in you know, in
that sense, um, but it does make things a little more difficulty. Um,
I haven't another way that it's really affected. My work is that I
mean, my research, for the most part, has just stopped like I I'm not
collecting any data, and I have not been collecting data since the
university shut down in mid March S Oh, that's a huge thing, Andi.
I'm not honestly sure when I will be able to start collecting data
again. So that's a little worrisome for me, Not kind of having a firm
timetable in terms of like, Well, you know, you will be able to get
your lab back up and running at this point like there's there's no
date for that. So that's that's a little concerning. But, you know,
we're all in the same boat, so or at least the same storm. So I feel
like, you know, everybody's struggling with various issues and we
just have to do the best we can. But, yeah, it's definitely affected
my job for sure.